unordered_map<int, int> mp;

mp.clear(); //Clears the map elements
mp.size(); //Returns the size of the map
mp.insert({int, int}); //Inserts the key-value pair
mp.erase(key) or mp.erase(mp.begin() + i) //Delete the key-value pair by either key or by iterator, iterator method will contain that element with which it was inserted in the order.
for(auto um: mp){
    cout<< um.first << " " << um.second; // The key and value pairs come out as pair<int, int>
}

mp[1] = 3; // The key and value pairs can be updated or inserted in the given manner.


Two Sum - done through hashmaps (unordered_map)
Product of Array Except Self - done (prefix and suffix product arrays)
Longest Consecutive Sequence - in progress(not complete and having issues in understanding)
Sliding Window Maximum -  
Trapping Rain Water
Largest Rectangle in Histogram
LRU Cache
LFU Cache
Merge k Sorted Lists - Done, but the problem is something you need to remember the little details of the question in order to solve.
Median of Two Sorted Arrays
Kth Largest Element
Find Median from Data Stream
Course Schedule
Number of Islands
Redundant Connection
Accounts Merge
Word Ladder
Minimum Window Substring
Coin Change
Edit Distance
Longest Common Subsequence
Burst Balloons
Network Delay Time
Task Scheduler
Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree
Trapping Rain Water - Done, but only looked at the solution, Read it again and implement again until you remember it...
Combination Sum - Done, normal but again do it...
Combination Sum II - Not-Done, Do it again.
Valid Sudoku - Done logic-wise, but need to go throuh the efficient solution once again.
Rotate Image - Done, logic is to do vertical rotation and then transpose...
Group Anagrams - Have to do this through the use of efficient methods, as this is not efficient
Pow(x, n) - Have to get the half calculation first and then use it again and again to reduce the complexity from O(n) to O(log(n))
Next Permutation - This has some code which I need to understand carefully because I solved it in a manner that it has only made me memorize the solution, but cannot solve it by my own logic.
Permutations - A Flagship question in my journey of DSA, just because I was able to solve it in one go...May the force be with you...
N-Queens - Done with a No good approach actually applied.
Maximum Subarray - Good Problem, need to revise through it once.
Jump Game - That's a beautiful approach to solve this question, but I need to take a look at this question again.
Merge Intervals - Overall a very good question, but I would want to review the code again.
Insert Interval - I feel it might be the extension of merge Interval, but it is something a little diff.
3Sum - Done, but I NEED to revise
Best Time To Buy and Sell Stock - Kadane's Algorithm, like a maximum subarray problem this is also similar
Plus One - Done...
Unique Paths - Done, but the problem requires critical thinking and implementation, so I need to learn to implement DP properly.
Spiral Matrix - Supposed to be done with ease, but should not underestimate the implementation of this problem as that is great.
Edit Distance - Brilliant Question of DP, but need to look at it after, I need to learn how to create the dp logic good, the question and logic is something I implemented but need to learn how to create the DP logic.
Longest Substring without Repeating Characters - Did the question through correct method, but use char_set.count(s[j]) instead of char_set.find(s[j]) != char_set.end() in the while() loop.
Longest Repeating Character Replacement - Good Question, Logic was correct but I struggle with the implementation of correct logic in string-based questions
Longest Common Subsequence - DP question, whenever we have a complex problem having a lot of combinatorial patterns and checking, if no normal soltion fits then we need to see for complex DP solution.
Max Consecutive Ones III - Sliding window, with a counter of invalid numbers limited to a maximum value...Done after learning the patterns myself.
Subtree of Another Tree - Done, surprisingly I did it, because it's a bit confusing during the implementing the logic part of the question.
Shortest Common Supersequence - Hard Question, DP solution and then also have to extract the string...Didn't do myself.
Set Matrix Zeroes - The question can be done in O(NM) and has been done in my solution and O(1) space, so just see and learn the solution once, it is good.
Search 2D Matrix - Just assume the 2D matrix as a flattened array and apply the index transformation with mid_i = mid / m; and mid_j = mid % m; and all things similar to simple binary search.
Subsets - Generate all the subsets of the array, including the empty set, and return the power set for the given set...Implemented this and completed it with 100% but I was stuck for quite alot of time and that was a problem as then these kinds of recursive dfs questions should be able to be completed fast enough and not actually take this much time...
Word Search - I implemented the same grid search DFS algorithm but don't know why this doesn't go 100%, same unvisited explore four paths strategy.
Subsets II - The subsets problem but with the extension of non-repeating subsets, this problem is excellent in terms of implementation maturity and how to learn to implement recursive functions carefully, I must practice it again and again.
Interleaving Strings - Did it myself.
Validate Binary Search Tree - Validate left and right subtrees with a range of min and max...also need to create another function of isValid(TreeNode* root, long long min, long long max) which takes these two minimum and maximum of the range and propagates them through the left and right subTrees, in order to validate both of them, also we need to use long long as the datatype for the range variable, some test-cases test the limits.
Same Tree - Checking whether the two given trees are structurally same or not...
Binary Tree Level Order Traversal - Completed, through a queue-based system, and having levels of the tree also pushed into the queue as well, so when creating the vector<vector<int>> res, we maintain all the levels as seperate vectors.
Last Stone Weight - Simple priority queue application can be applied, need to remember the syntax for the priority queue...Did it.
Max Depth of a Binary Tree - Recursive function was enough...
Balanced Binary Tree - To have the absolute difference between the heights of left and right subtree to be less than one as well as both the subtrees are also balanced...
Longest Consecutive Sequence - Most Obvious thought would be to sort and then apply sliding window(although cannot call it sliding window with this approach), but optimized in O(n) is make a hashmap; which will give you O(n) once, check each element in the map, such that if num - 1 exists or not, if it does exist... then skip and if it doesn't then that is the start of the sequence, and we can say that if we start from there with checking num + 1 and increase num++; len++; with it, then we will definitely find the maximum length of the consecutive sequence...and particularly, array questions can be done in O(n) with the use of hashmaps.
Surrounded Regions - Now this is a problem which can be problematic if you didn't understand it completely as then you wouldn't be able to get it right...So the problem is that any of the 'O' regions(regions can be spanned through DFS) which are touching the corners, mark them 'S' first and then mark all other regions, which are 'O' to be 'X', as they are now the ones to be surrouned by 'X's, then to turn all 'S' into 'O', then the work would be done...
Clone Graph - clone each and every node without creating multiple duplicates, maintain a hashmap which maintains a map from original to the copy of the node, and we will the return the already created copy of the node only when the node's copy already exists...
Network Delay Time - Apply the dijkstra's algorithm, it's easy.
Kth Largest Element in a Stream - Maintain a minheap(Yes a minHeap) and then only keep the top k in the minheap by keeping the size of the heap to be three in the minheap so as to only contain the k largest into the min heap and the top will then refer to the Kth largest element.
Palindromic Substrings - you were checking substrings with the traditional methods, but since we have now to check each and every combination of the substring, why not use recursive approach to check if the substring is a palindrome or not...so that we can simply apply DP on it and make it O(N^2) time and O(N^2) space;
Single Number - return which number appears only once(all other appears atmost twice), we basically use the bitwise XOR operation in this.
Copy Random List - Make a Deep copy of the linked list in which there is also a pointer named random, which points to another node of the list...also try to make it such that it uses O(1) extra space...although I would suggest that you try to do it with the unordered_map<Node*, Node*> approach first as that is more standard and has also been used in the question of about the clone graph.
Sliding Window Maximum - Maintain a deque and carefully make the code about the deque...which is actually important, and I did not understand the solution completely, I mean I will not be able to implement it myself. 
Remove Nth Node from the end of the list - just a bit carefully pass the test-cases.
Reverse Bits - Assume an unsigned 32-bit integer, and we have to return the number represented by the binary sequence of bits which are reversed. The question is quite difficult to think yourself and you might need to remember it for yourself, because it is difficult to think about such kind of operations.
Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation - We have to evaluate a list of tokens which represent the reverse polish notation, in question, we have to use a stack, but the crazy part is not the usage of stack, the crazy part is the usage of  stoi() function, which is in my opinion, very implementational issue but since there can be issues during runtime, so we need to take measures.
Lowest Common Ancester of a Binary Search Tree - We need to use the fact that this is a BST, and in a BST we know that the strict rule of left node and right node being smaller and larger respectively, can be used very efficiently. So we traverse the tree only on the basis that which node is larger than the maximum of the two node values and which node is smaller than the minimum of the two node values.
Trie Implementation - Did it, I have a trie implementation in this repo as well, basically traverse the node having a Node* children[26] array, initialized to nullptr, and then we iterate over each char c : word for each of the functions that the trie supports and then simply perform auto-complete and suggestions through trie...
Next Greater Element - Usage of a Monotonic Stack that stores the index of the element that is greater immediate to the right of the current element, and -1 if no such element is present...
Top K Frequent Elements - Just count frequency and put elements into a minheap while popping out elements if the size gets more than k.
Find Duplicate Number - Floyd's cycle detection algorithm to detect the duplicate number in O(N) only...with the given constraints ofcourse.
Counting Bits - Easier form of Dynamic Programming, means the res array is filled up through recursive calls and at the same time has a base case of res[0] = 0 defined so that the res[i / 2] are not recalculated on every call.
Design Add and Search Words Data Structure - Implement the Trie Data structure as it is for the addWord function, and just implement a basic DFS for the Searching words work, isn't it crazy that the current question I am talking about is also using the concept that my auto-complete of neovim is also using.
Subset Sum Equals K - DP methodology for the approach and trying to practice it


SUGGESTION:
When we are trying to approach a problem, we should always start from brute force solution,
even though you have been trained by solving a lot of similar problems previously and been able
to give a O(N) solution off the top of your head, I still recommend you to start from a brute force solution.
This is the only way you can avoid geting stuck in your fixed mindset when you encounter a completely
unseen or unfamiliar problem that unfortunately doesn't match any existing pattern in your trained mind.


A lot of times I just think about using the data structures like maps and sets, but the solution lies in the two pointers and simple fast pointer slow pointer approach
I think I really need to learn about the monotonic stack based algorithms, as I am genuinely weak at them, so I should start learning them deeply and think about what is the core idea behind their usage.


### I want to make my DP strong, and here is the below checklist
HouseRobber Done - with some minor difficulties in thinking about the approach of the program initially.
HouseRobberII (partially Done, I mean I know the solutio but have not derived it) - I have done it once, in a manner that the steal and skip ans works using two seperate DP tables and taking the max of them is going to be the answer, But I want to understand that from scratch like the way I did with HouseRobberI



Somethings:
Snowflake
Aurora
Prometheus
Grafana


Tasks:
 - Fin out what is Kadane's Algorithm and implement it.
 - Master Kadane's Algorithm.
 - Edit Distance DP  question
 - Do DP questions.

Toolkit:
Syntax for priority_queue<int> pq(vect.begin(), vect.end()), priority_queue<int, vector<int>, compare> where compare is a bool struct{} that returns a value;

Patterns:

Sliding Window:
 -- Expand Right

    While Invalid:
        Shrink Left

    Update Answer

 - 

DP Tabulation :
    Bottom-Up : Create a table and the newer outputs depend upon the previous table values.
    eg. (n, m) depends upon (n - 1, m), (n, m - 1) or (n - 1, m - 1).

    Top-Bottom : Implement a recursive solution and basically implement all the cases(base and recursive) and then after a working solution, implement the memoization table.
    The whole point of DP is such that there are overlapping sub-problems(the same solution is used throughout the recursion tree), which are re-computed throughout the recursion tree, so we just memoize the sub-problems(Memoize it) or simply tabulate it(bottom-Up approach), to reduce the need for re-computation and simply have an O(1) lookup with the DP-table.

Understand that the Time and Space complexity of the algorithms also need to include the recursion stack space as well.


Kadane's Algorithm:
   So basically, we have: 

    int maxEnding = arr[0];
    int ans = res[0];

    for(int i = 1; i < arr.size(); i++){
        maxEnding = max(arr[i], maxEnding + arr[i]); // simply means to either extend the sum of array by adding the current one, or simply restart from the current element of the array if the current element if more than the sum so far...
        ans = max(ans, maxEnding); // This means to store the maximum subarray sum occured in the subarrays.
    }

But the way this algorithm is applied in the questions is a more challenging manner.

